Shaun Leung swl567  11241403

1. This does not change who won the game only how the game is scored

2. They are about the same in terms of time since all that is being done differently is how the utility value is being
calculated. How the utility value is used is still the same between Q1 and Q2.

3. The outcomes for both of these questions is the same, as it should be, since alpha betad pruning only ignores
branches of the game state that are fruitless.

4. Question 3 is much quicker than question 1 by about a factor of 5. This is because question 3 is able to ignore
branches of the game space that will have no bearing on the value that the min or max choice will make.

5. The same thing for for variation A is applicable to variation B though the returned "score" might be different the
"winner" still remains the same from the previous questions.

6. Q4 was quicker than Q2 by about the same amount that Q3 was quicker than Q1. My alpha beta cut off does not follow
searches that are equal to the alpha and beta values stored for the search to be better it must be greater, or less
than depending on the value being looked at, the alpha beta value.

7. With a depth cutoff of 4 the games of size 4 and lower should be the same but after that they winner can be more
unpredictable. It is interesting to note that the game is weighted in player one's favor since they get to make the
first move. It is still possible for player two to win but all the random values would need to be negative since max
will always choose a positive utility value/eval value.

8. When looking at comparable N values between the 2 questions Q5 is almost a factor of 10 quicker than Q3. It went from
taking about 0.5 seconds to solve and in Q5 it took 0.06 seconds to solve.

9. Since I am using a random function the eval function the final minmax should not be the same, as per the nature of
randomness but, but all 3 questions still favor player one over player two since player one goes first.

10. The time it takes for question 7 to run is much quicker than the just depth limited search from questions 5 and 6.
Even with larger N's that were greater than 10 Q7 was able to do each search in less than a second with the 20th
approaching 1 second at about 0.9 seconds.